I made a puzzle called splash, and I also fixed a typo (#22)
gigamonkey/bash-treasure-hunt: build/splash.txt

> I would recommend looking into grep, and it's differnent applications. Specifically the recursive ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I would recommend looking into grep, and its different applications. Specifically the recursive ones.
```

Who's finding typos now, huh?
